Right, try a little technique with me.
It’s very, very straightforward.
Clasp your hands together,
like your making a desperate prayer,
thumbs crossed.
And then open these two fingers,
and stare at the gap
in-between your fingers.
And notice that the gap
is getting smaller and smaller.
It’s getting smaller because your
fingers want to close.
You are powerless to stop them.
You can try and struggle but you can’t
because they are going to close,
Those fingers are going to close
- I hope you are trying this.
Try it and you’ll notice that sooner or later
they are going to close.
When they close, close your eyes.
Take a deep breath...
and just give yourself the thought...
How would it be, if... ?